docs: descriptions about externalTarget in NetworkChaos (#175)
chaos-mesh/website: docs/simulate-network-chaos-on-kubernetes.md

| value | string | Provides a parameter for the `mode` configuration, depending on `mode`. For example, when `mode` is set to `fixed-percent`, `value` specifies the percentage of Pods. | None | No | 1 |
| containerNames | []string | Specifies the name of the container into which the fault is injected. | None | No | ["nginx"] |
| selector | struct | Specifies the target Pod. For details, refer to [Define the experiment scope](./define-chaos-experiment-scope.md). | None | Yes |  |

> | externalTargets | []string | Represents network targets outside k8s, IPv4 addresses or domains. Only works with `direction: to`. | None | No | 1.1.1.1, www.google.com |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| externalTargets | []string | Indicates the network targets except for Kubernetes, which can be IPv4 addresses or domains. This parameter only works with `direction: to`. | None | No | 1.1.1.1, www.google.com |
```
